docs: improve embedding page (#762)
jina-ai/finetuner: docs/get-started/pretrained.md

Starting with Finetuner 0.8.0,
we have introduced a suite of pre-trained text embedding models licensed under Apache 2.0.
These models have a variety of use cases, including information retrieval, semantic textual similarity, text reranking, and more.
The suite consists of the following models:

- `jina-embedding-s-en-v1` [**[Huggingface](https://huggingface.co/jinaai/jina-embedding-s-en-v1)**]: This is a compact model with just 35 million parameters, that performs lightning-fast inference while delivering impressive performance.
- `jina-embedding-b-en-v1` [**[Huggingface](https://huggingface.co/jinaai/jina-embedding-b-en-v1)**]: This model has a size of 110 million parameters, performs fast inference and delivers better performance than our smaller model.

> - `jina-embedding-l-en-v1` [**[Huggingface](https://huggingface.co/jinaai/jina-embedding-l-en-v1)**]: This is a relatively large model with a size of 330 million parameters, that performs single-gpu inference and delivers better performance than our other model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `jina-embedding-l-en-v1` [**[Huggingface](https://huggingface.co/jinaai/jina-embedding-l-en-v1)**]: This is a relatively large model with a size of 330 million parameters, that performs single-gpu inference and delivers better performance than the other models.
```
